This report is designed to be an explanation of the various files within this folder, along with a description of our iterative development process. We set out with the goal of creating two models, one for predicting consumption of beer, and one for production. With the goal of a high accuracy, we quickly shifted to looking at r-squared. 

First, we decided to use a neural network model (scikit.learn) alongside Keras tuner and early stopping. This would help us create an optimized model right off the bat; however, multiple issues kept arising. Primarily, getting a good accuracy score out of it was proving difficult, and identifying what we would need to feed the model would be difficult to do.

Thankfully, that was the case for the consumption side. The production side had taken a different approach and started using Gradient Boosting Regressor (GBR). The consumption side then switched over to GBR, implementing an equivalent of early stopping and Keras tuner in order to create optimized models. Thankfully, GBR also has a method to identify which columns are being utilized the most in the creation of the model. With that in mind, we found that we could explore the data by seeing what the best predictors were for our variables of concern. 

As for the results, the exact r2 values are documented within each of the files, and the final models that we used are within the same folder as this file. As for the rest, each file takes a slightly different approach to predictions or formatting. So while they show our development process, they do not represent what we wish to present. 

In the end, we found that, surprisingly, having a lot of people over the age of 21 typically indicates a high total consumption of alcohol. Due to this, we had to steer away from total production and focus on per capita consumption. Also, we were afraid that we were overfitting the data, using too much data, or some other unknown factor that caused our model to be significantly more accurate than expected. In any case, we decided to focus on the most interesting aspect, which was the relationship between people who have never married and per capita consumption.